today I'm staining my pal drum kit for
the second time I prefer to use a brush
rather than a sponge or a rag try and
follow the wood grain of your drum this
Waddell wood stain that I'm using is
very pliable and easy to work with
third and final stain going on this drum
now the rest of the drums have all been
stained three times and also the insides
of the drums have been treated with a
mixture of linseed oil and mineral
turpentine almost finished now the
eight-inch tom has been added to this
project when I started I had five drums
now I have six then eight the 10 the 12
the 14-inch Tom the 16 inch floor tom
and the 22 inch bass drum hey all thanks
for watching peace and respect
you